While working with Asian.
We didn't cover two specific elements.
One was Dave and the other one was bad.
Now the reason why I didn't cover them because I didn't find it useful with an HMO because they're used
for grouping.
However in essence these two elements are going to come very very powerful and very very useful.
So again as always let's look at the example.
So first of all let me just keep this green on the colors.
Gonna stay green as well as when I keep this class all right.
Just to show you how basically things work.
Now I'm gonna get rid of the titles and the ideas and everything else.
So let me save it and let's head over back to indexation.
Now in the indexation memo I'm gonna create a heading.
Let's say 3 with a title heading number one.
Ring a ding number one.
And let's add maybe a paragraph with.
I'm sorry I would have to first have a paragraph with.
I don't know.
Text like I don't know 10 words or you know what one that's gonna be our partner.
Now what I would like to do right now is copy and paste the same thing here and let's write adding not
number one but this is gonna be heading number two.
And also let's decide that somewhere within the second paragraph there is gonna be some text and I'm
gonna add my own text where I'm gonna say Hey I am I am uppercase and I'm gonna write here A I am uppercase.
So we would like to have this text on it and I'm gonna place it in two places.
So I'm gonna say the first one is gonna be here and the second one is gonna be somewhere over here.
And again this all is gonna make sense literally in a second.
Now what happen.
So I would like this heading.
So the heading number one and the paragraph to be read as well as the heading three.
The second heading as was the paragraph to be blue so long let's think about it again.
I cannot select all the herring 3s because I would want them different as well as I can select all the
paragraphs because it will work the same way.
Now again we can say well we can easily just add here the grouping or we can add the ideas.
However there is a better way so we can use this and plan for it.
Like I said Devon's plan would be used for grouping.
So first let me create a element and the element is gonna be very simple.
So we just write a div that's all.
Since that is the name of the UN and now I'd like to place the ending tag for this div where I would
want the group something.
So in my case I want to group the heading 3 as was the program the first program.
So I'm gonna head over here in the moment we served notice nothing happened.
Nothing literally changes now okay.
However that was a good start.
Now why don't we do the same thing with the span.
However in this case we're going to work with this hey I'm uppercase So again right before this text
I am uppercase.
Let's create a span element.
Now let's say that I would like to work with an upper case.
So I'm gonna grab this whatever text and I'm gonna copy and paste it here.
Now I would like to do the same thing with this guy.
So we have few options.
We can either just copy and paste everything that we had here or you know what I didn't want to cut
it out let's say copy and we're going to replace whatever text we had already with this part.
And again the moment we do this nothing changes in our actual browser so we might be tempted.
Thinking Well listen there's something wrong with this what's happening.
Well we should already know that we can use just the simple elements like this right.
So we can head over back and we're going to say for all my divs I would want to first have some kind
of color and the background.
So again we can just copy and paste whatever properties in the values and let's noticed something interesting.
So right away what's happening is the div element that had been heading in the paragraph has the styles
that we want it just by obviously using our element select.
Okay let's start out the same thing with the span let's say for the span we're gonna use text transform
again property that we're going to cover later on we as an object now also we notice something interesting.
So everywhere we use the span we were able to grow whatever we placed within a span and add these styles.
Now I'm not going to cover right now.
The reasoning for why this is basically displayed one way and the span is gonna be in the in line because
we're going to cover this as we start talking about the box model because for now what we're saying
is that there is just a difference with a day if we are basically starting a new line and the span we're
using for inline style and in general this would be the block level element.
And this is gonna be the in line now but again we're going to cover this later on of course.
What I would like to understand that whenever we're gonna be using defined and span this is gonna be
used for grouping.
So if you want a group something together we're gonna place this in a div and if we would like to style
this as a block element then the devs are gonna be important.
How or if you'd like to style something as the inline element whereas you notice it's not starting a
new line and then we're gonna use respond but again we're going to cover this later on in much more
detail.
For now though what is gonna happen with the set second heading through and the part where because remember
we wanted the second one to also have different styles.
And for now we have the Dave.
Now if I'm gonna add another div here I'm gonna say okay so there's gonna be a second Dave and let me
cut this out and let's say that I'm gonna obviously end where I would like to end my grouping.
So this is gonna be at the end of the paragraph.
Now both of them are obviously having the same styles.
Now this is not what we want.
Right.
So we wanted the second one to have just a green color but say well we know that we can use classes.
So this is where the divs become important because we can add these classes and say you know there's
gonna be class and we already have the classes so I'm gonna have the class right now at the moment nothing
changes.
So obviously we have the both the same things or what if I'm gonna get rid of this Dave.
So I'm not going to select anything anymore with a div.
Notice the first one I was like has the class.
Now I can head over back to the second one and say you know what.
Okay for this guy let's add the cross agree so the power of div and the span is the fact that not only
we can style them as elements like we can also add whatever ideas we would want whatever classes we
would want and that way we can start grouping things together and adding whatever styles we would like.
Now how also is going to work with this part.
So let's say that I have this I am uppercase Well I can head over the first one since I wouldn't want
all my plans just to be uppercase.
But let's imagine there's going to be span where I would like to reuse my class all right.
Okay.
All we have to do is just add declassified and let's see what happened.
So not only the span that has the class of red is getting these styles.
Now again please don't focus on the fact that there's our block level elements and the spans are gonna
be in line level alignment because we haven't covered that but just remember that whenever we would
like to group something we can either use Dave or we can use the span and just in a very basic level
span we're going to use if we would like to start something within the text already so we wouldn't want
to start a new line.
However Dave we would style if we would want to start as a block level.
So just to give you an idea if I'm gonna head over here and change the span to the Dave.
So let's say there is gonna be Dave instead of a class of span.
I'm sorry Dave with a class or read instead on the span.
Notice what happens.
So in this case we will gonna start a new line.
So instead of just tiling everything in line so again that would be the most basic differences but we're
gonna cover the more differences later on.